Updated github user docs (#447)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/README.md

# The SpatialOS GDK for Unreal (alpha) documentation on GitHub

> This documentation on GitHub is a copy of the [GDK documentation on the SpatialOS documentation website](https://docs.improbable.io/unreal/pre-alpha). Due to this, the internal links do not work and the image links are broken. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation on GitHub is a copy of the [GDK documentation on the SpatialOS documentation website](https://docs.improbable.io/unreal/latest). Due to this, the internal links do not work and the image links are broken. 
```

Changed "pre-alpha" to "latest" - I think that's right?

> 

Author: Are the commented out comments in the line of the rest of the files needed? @ElleEss
